Within this new file enter the following lines of code, you can incorporate it how ever you like with your own script(s). 

#!/bin/bash

The very first line defines what the command line interpreter (CLI) should use to try and execute this file. 
This is useful for cases where you don’t want to have to specify the specific application required every time you run the script.

xset s noblank
xset s off
xset -dpms

These three lines are rather important as they help us stop the Raspberry Pi’s display power management system 
from kicking in and blanking out the screen. Basically, these three commands set the current X-session not to 
blank out the screensaver and then disables the screensaver altogether. The third line disables the entire 
“display power management system” meaning that the desktop interface should never blank out the screen.

One of Linux's strengths as an operating system is its ability to be configured and tweaked to suit your tastes. 
Using the command line allows you to issue powerful commands that are unavailable to other OS users, and use of 
the command line is almost a necessity to get the most out of your Linux distribution. For example, sometimes 
you may want to run a script or a command whenever you start your Linux machine. There is more than one way to do this.

1. Put the command in your crontab file. The crontab file in Linux is a daemon that performs user-edited tasks at 
specific times and events. To edit the file, open a terminal and type "sudo crontab -e" to open your crontab file 
in the default text editor. At the first available line, type "@reboot xxxx", where "xxxx" is the command you wish 
to run. Save the file and exit.

2. Put a script containing the command in your /etc directory. Create a script such as "startup.sh" using your favorite
text editor. Save the file in your /etc/init.d/ directory. Change the permissions of the script (to make it executable) 
by typing "chmod +x /etc/init.d/mystartup.sh".

3. Edit the /rc.local script using your text editor. On Fedora systems, this script is located in /etc/rc.d/rc.local, 
and in Ubuntu, it is located in /etc/rc.local. Once you add the commands you wish to run -- making sure you do so 
as root -- save the file and exit. The commands will run after the next start-up.

Now personally, I love Banana Cream Pi, but I don't think I can compete with Raspberry pi. 3 to the 14 people!
